of benítez
on May 23, 1927 in Valladolid
Spain I know that one of the stories more
sad of national football a
peritonitis ended the life of David
alfonso arellano moraga the founder
first captain and the person in charge of
passion called colo colo its death what
became the first martyr of
Creole football which was born on 29
July 1902 and with only 24 years old
fired inside the court of life
of passion and everything that moved it
all his life soccer temper courage and
heart could describe david
arellano words just by names that
it won an example to follow post
that in 1925 after differences with the
leaders of the Magellan club
institution in which he debuted in
future professional goes and together with others
comrades on April 19 , 1925 founded
colo colo within its history as
footballer of taste playing for the
national team in the championship
South America to Argentina in 1924
said championship played
meetings and scored a goal later
in the new edition of this tournament saw
action in four collations and inflated the
networks in seven opportunities being that way
the tournament's scorer for his
characteristics because it only stands
as a symbol that defending
the colors of his beloved club stopped
exist thus passing to immortality
why the club's shield
It has a black stripe on the badge
mourning and in memory of David
alfonso arellano moraga why more
eternal gratitude to the captain at
Martyr to the eternal David Arellano